arch: arc: optimize the float support (#16921)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/reference/kernel/other/float.rst

more, it can call :cpp:func:`k_float_disable()`. This instructs the kernel
not to save or restore its FP context during thread context switching.

> On the ARCv2 architecture the kernel treats each thread as a non-user,

Reviewer: Now that we have 3 architectures, here, perhaps it would be nice for the reader to see separate paragraphs, for ARC, ARM and x86 Shared FP services. So they can easily focus on the ARCH they want. @dbkinder what do you think?

Reviewer 2: I think adding some subheadings would help here, before each section that talks about a specific architecture:

- before line 74 add:
  ```
  ARM Cortex-M architecture (with the Floating Point Extension)
  -------------------------------------------------------------
  ```
- before line 103 add:
  ```
  ARCv2 architecture
  ------------------
  ```
- and before line 128 add:
  ```
  x86 architecture
  ----------------
  ```

> On the ARCv2 architecture the kernel treats each thread as a non-user,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On the ARCv2 architecture, the kernel treats each thread as a non-user
```

Author: Fixed

> or FPU user. It's required to tag a thread as a non-user or FP user by the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
or FPU user and the thread must be tagged by one of the
```

Author: Fixed

following techniques.

* A statically-created ARC thread can be tagged by passing the
  :c:macro:`K_FP_REGS` option to :c:macro:`K_THREAD_DEFINE`.

* A dynamically-created ARC thread can be tagged by passing the
  :c:macro:`K_FP_REGS` to :cpp:func:`k_thread_create()`.

If an ARC thread does not require use of the floating point registers any
more, it can call :cpp:func:`k_float_disable()`. This instructs the kernel
not to save or restore its FP context during thread context switching.

During thread context switching the ARC kernel saves the *callee-saved*
floating point registers, if the switched-out thread has been using them.
Additionally, the *caller-saved* floating point registers are saved on
the thread's stack. If the switched-in thread has been using the floating
point registers, the kernel restores the *callee-saved* FP registers of
the switched-in thread and the *caller-saved* FP context is restored from
the thread's stack. Thus, the kernel does not save or restore the FP
context of threads that are not using the FP registers. An extra 16 bytes
(single floating point hardware) or 32 bytes (double floating point hardware)

> bytes of stack space is required to load and store floating point registers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
of stack space is required to load and store floating point registers.
```

Author: Fixed
